[construction]
extra_dynamite = false
freeform_edges = false
road_stop_on_competitor_road = false

[currency]
to_euro = 1

[difficulty]
competitor_speed = 3
construction_cost = 2
disasters = 0
economy = 0
industry_density = 2
initial_interest = 4
line_reverse_mode = 1
max_loan = 100000
number_towns = 0
quantity_sea_lakes = 2
subsidy_multiplier = 1
terrain_type = 2
town_council_tolerance = 2
vehicle_breakdowns = 2
vehicle_costs = 2

[economy]
exclusive_rights = false
give_money = false
larger_towns = 5
station_noise_level = true
town_growth_rate = 1
town_layout = 1

[game_creation]
generation_seed = 2291544623
map_x = 9
map_y = 10
starting_year = 1975
tgen_smoothness = 2

[locale]
currency = EUR

[misc]
language = english.lng
last_newgrf_count = 11

[network]
admin_password = plop
autoclean_companies = true
autoclean_novehicles = 1
client_name = Server
last_host = 192.168.0.1
last_port = 3979
max_clients = 30
max_spectators = 8
min_active_clients = 1
network_id = 6cb30958ab0fda67d2765452f8c002f7
pause_on_join = false
rcon_password = plop
reload_cfg = true
server_advertise = true
server_name = Goal Server: performance over 10 years - Hard - High Speed Environment

[pf]
forbid_90_deg = true

[robot]
game_league = 1
goal_performance = 450
timer_duration = 10

[station]
distant_join_stations = false
never_expire_airports = true
station_spread = 8

[vehicle]
dynamic_engines = false
freight_trains = 10
max_aircraft = 100
roadveh_acceleration_model = 1
train_acceleration_model = 1
